# Assignment: Lab 1 & 2

```{admonition} Deadline
Tuesday, 14 March at 23:59
```

## What's due?

1. **Document** (`*.pdf`) outlining the experimental design, and

2. **Report** with conclusions after the experiment was carried out, and

3. **Gitlab repository** (*optional*, recommended) containing folders such as
  - `report/` - containing the editable Word, \LaTeX or markdown documents and final `pdf`
  - `data/` - containing data tables or files from the experiment
  - `code/` - with code to process the data,
  - `figures/` - with figures generated by the code.

The experiment design document and report will be assessed on the basis of:

- Both documents should be clear and understandable, and written in plain language.  Your "reader" can be assumed to be fellow students.  Any material from another source should be appropriately referenced.

- Both documents should include a *statement of contributions* by the authors (1 paragraph), i.e. "XYZ and ABC conceptualised the experiment. ABC and GHI wrote the experiment design.  XYZ and DEF carried out the experiment.  KLM wrote the python scripts to make figures from the data.  DEF, KLM and XYZ wrote the report.  XYZ and DEF proofread the experiment design."

- The experiment design document should outline the objective or hypothesis to be tested, the list of required materials, setup and safety considerations. It should also provide the method (as a list of step-by-step instructions) which, if followed without error, would allow a test of your hypothesis.

- The report should provide a clear but brief explanation of the cell thermal mass effect and why it is important for oceanographic measurements. The report should arrive at a conclusion that is supported by the data and data calculations. Your report may additionally make recommendations for modifications of the experiment in the future. Appendices may be included with measurement protocols or logsheets, data recorded and processing software algorithms.

As a rough guideline, the document and report should be 3–5 pages plus figures and/or photos. You will be working in a group to carry out the work, so only one set of files is required. For labs 1 and 2, you may either all work on both labs, or break into two groups of 2–3 students and each group works on one lab only.